yo yo yo its overt flow what's going on
you guys how you guys doing day first
things first about the gameplay it's
gonna be some new gameplay from the
ascendance map packs this is one of my
favorite new maps perplex i hope that
you guys definitely enjoy that and today
we're going to be covering more black
ops 3 leaked information and i'm
definitely excited about it where we're
gonna be talking about supply drops in
black ops 3 and elite variants as well i
definitely want to cover this stuff with
you guys it's part of my new black ops 3
leak series where i'm covering all the
latest black ops 3 news info rumors all
that good stuff so make sure you know
what actually we haven't hit 150 likes
in a good minute you guys so it would
really appreciate it it'd be really
awesome if we could do that so down
below look at the light bar is it at 150
likes it nope didn't leave a like thank
you i would really appreciate it you
guys and let's get right into talking
about this what's up blows don't you
know whose olive all you so in advanced
warfare they introduce this new thing to
call of duty now granted supply drops
case openings all this different type of
stuff has been in other games for years
now but it's a new idea for call of duty
before you got the same cookie cutter
class setups with this gun this perk and
that's just how it was and nowadays you
can get supply drops where you unlock
all these different types of weapons
elite variants different armors
different you know different suits all
this stuff and it's very very cool for
me advanced supply drops and regular
supply drops are all awesome I have no
problem with people buying supply drops
as long as we're still able to earn them
which we are and I think that that's
very very cool I definitely love the
whole Supply Drop idea it made to
YouTube a lot of fun you can post Supply
Drop information people of watching it
and in addition that it makes a game
we're fun you know it makes it a little
bit deeper it makes you have a little
bit more just levels to the game it
makes the game like a cake there's
layers you know what I'm saying or like
an onion I don't know there's layers to
the game that weren't there in past call
of duty and now there's just so much
more that you can do so much more
customization and I'm going to talk
about customization in another video I
think but for now let's keep it supply
drops and elite variants and I think
they will definitely be bringing
something like that to the table in
black ops 3 I don't see how they could
go back to a no Supply Drop game in my
opinion because it just it's something
they call of duty has been lacking for a
long time and with advanced warfare they
finally put it in if you look at games
like counter-strike csgo they have these
case openings and people are obsessed
with them you know it's awesome to have
a gun that made me somebody else doesn't
have and I believe in counter-strike
it's just like palette swaps so it's
just different cameras for Uganda but
some of these camels are very rare and
if they bring this to advanced warfare I
would like to see a counter-strike type
system where you're able to sell the
supply drops or trade them and I
definitely think that there should be a
Supply Drop trade shop where you can if
you have a gun that somebody else wants
maybe I could trade my Moore's doctor
for your as someone speakeasy I think
that would be absolutely awesome to have
the ability to do that and I think that
that's something they should definitely
bring to the table in black ops 3 and
now i'm gonna go ahead and say i am 95%
sure that they would bring some type of
Supply Drop to black ops 3 and as far as
elite variants are concerned I'm not
sure how they're going to do that will
they make it so that there will just be
you know different colors for your guns
I made me some of them or more rare or
will they do this elite variant thing
where some nums are just better than
other guns because as we've seen some
people really dislike that some people
think it's unfair that some people get
such great guns but let me know what do
you think in the comments section below
as far as I'm concerned they are
definitely bringing supply drops back to
black ops 3 from everything we've seen
and heard I think that there's no way
that they wouldn't bring them back and
so yeah that's my opinion black ops 3
will have supply drops in addition to
that I think that some type of weapon
variants will come back let me know what
do you think in the comments section
below subscribe if you knew if you made
to the end say what's up let me get a
ton and I'm over and now